as a victory that has been missing at home since 10
February three consecutive draws there
immediately try out the steria
but its sinister than easily
freed from trying us right after the
outside conclusion served by enough is
but a conclusion of merging deviations
laterally pensive guidolin but then
at 20 minutes of Christmas he manages to beat
functions that on the passage of kathe e
left
Christmas which he then celebrates with a
celebratory t-shirt in memory of
calipari interest that boredom re-appreciate
the Christmas opportunism but
costs there is the sleep of gi joe gives the
goal on a similar diet known to the minute 25 of
christmas still crossed for l 1 to 0
like you say tide napier in these
feats a beautiful left thrown
on the far pole of the two little cousins
also by the referee damato
ten minutes later, however, the test tries to
get back on your head common roadway
of pasta on the punishment of hetemaj then
still rigoni from the ground to serve the
Romanian defender finalizes his first
goal is league complicit also
because if you don't optimize it in fact his
placement and the ball ends in the net
in the second half at the fourth minute
the opportunity on the cd hetemaj for you by
seizure download on what in
exit on 22
so it goes away much more dangerous
instead the Udine on this assist of di
christmas made but then check them
the action fades
the Udine that nevertheless continues to
try to score goals of 3 1 but also
milk
but it is very good to play in
corner kick
the direction that still keeps i
his then then in the 68th minute place of
maicon which serves Christmas
and the Neapolitan striker is lost on
background
still attempts by chievo here
hetemaj the last to surrender to find
also for the conclusion but who is there
manages to repel in a corner kick
pugliese in the final ready to hit i
facts of Rome is good both the first
goals in this league for the
defender Friulian regular position
for Christmas or partial split
does the 3 to 1
the latter is not seen by the
chievo are in this conclusion
the theme of the cathars taxis for those who are there and
very good in the relationship in football
corner
you tell me beats